further post repo move cleanup (#12931)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/cosmosdb_account.html.markdown

* `virtual_network_rule` - Subnets that are allowed to access this CosmosDB account.

> * `enable_multiple_write_locations` - If multi-main is enabled for this Cosmos DB account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enable_multiple_write_locations` - Are multiple write locations enabled for this Cosmos DB account?
```

> * `enable_multiple_write_locations` - If multi-main is enabled for this Cosmos DB account.

Author: ```suggestion
* `enable_multiple_write_locations` - If multiple write locations are enabled for this Cosmos DB account.
```

* `write_endpoints` - A list of write endpoints available for this CosmosDB account.

* `primary_key` - The Primary key for the CosmosDB Account.

> * `secondary_key` - The Secondary main key for the CosmosDB Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secondary_key` - The Secondary key for the CosmosDB Account.
```

> * `secondary_key` - The Secondary main key for the CosmosDB Account.

Author: ```suggestion
* `secondary_key` - The Secondary key for the CosmosDB Account.
```

> * `primary_readonly_key` - The Primary read-only main Key for the CosmosDB Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `primary_readonly_key` - The Primary read-only Key for the CosmosDB Account.
```

> * `primary_readonly_key` - The Primary read-only main Key for the CosmosDB Account.

Author: ```suggestion
* `primary_readonly_key` - The Primary read-only Key for the CosmosDB Account.
```

> * `secondary_readonly_key` - The Secondary read-only main key for the CosmosDB Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secondary_readonly_key` - The Secondary read-only key for the CosmosDB Account.
```

> * `secondary_readonly_key` - The Secondary read-only main key for the CosmosDB Account.

Author: ```suggestion
* `secondary_readonly_key` - The Secondary read-only key for the CosmosDB Account.
```
